[OpenMP] Add technical documentation (#4)
HEAPLab/TAFFO: doc/OpenMPDevGuide.md

# OpenMP Dev Guide

> This document describes the OpenMP integration from a technical point of view, describing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides technical details related to the OpenMP integration. In particular, it describes:
```

- An introduction to the OpenMP runtime library functions and how to patch them
- The approach used and the modifications to the TAFFO passes
- The possible next steps to enhance the current integration

Check out [the OpenMP user guide](./OpenMPUserGuide.md) to learn how to use TAFFO with OpenMP.

## Patching OpenMP Runtime

> The OpenMP implementation of the LLVM Framework inserts various indirect functions to manage parallelism;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenMP implementation provided by the LLVM Framework inserts various indirect functions to manage parallelism;
```
I doubt that OpenMP implements LLVM. Perhaps it is the other way around.

> moreover, the functions are not contained in the source code that is being compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these functions are intrinsic, which are not defined in the LLVM-IR module that is being compiled.
```
`source code` is a bit too generic.
`contained` is also not clear: did you refer to definition, call, or declaration? I suppose definition. Correct me if I'm wrong.

Author: `contained` refers to the definition indeed, as these functions are just declared in the LLVM IR module that is being compiled. I have some doubts regarding the `intrinsic` word. I see that its definition matches in a general context, but the [LLVM LangRef](https://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#intrinsic-functions) states that _Intrinsic function names must all start with an “llvm.” prefix_, while the functions we are referring to (such as `__kmpc_fork_call`) do not start with such prefix. Is intrinsic OK or would you suggest something else?

Reviewer 2: In particular, rather than an intrinsic function, we should specify that the `__kmpc_*` functions are added from `clang` in the IR using the `-fopenmp` command line argument. 
Moreover, the code must be linked to the OpenMP runtime library (that contains the definition of these functions) to run. (reference is in the first paragraph here https://openmp.llvm.org )

Reviewer: LLVM intrinsics start with `llvm.`

these can be considered OpenMP instrinsics.

Author: Thanks for the clarification, I've updated the vague sentence following your initial suggestion.

> Therefore, TAFFO can't natively follow the flow of execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, TAFFO cannot natively follow the flow of execution.
```

 
The source below describes a simple OpenMP example program:
```c++
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
  float container[16] __attribute((annotate("target('container') scalar()")));

> #pragma omp parallel for shared(container) // container is a shared variable between the OpenMP threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// container is a shared variable between the OpenMP threads
#pragma omp parallel for shared(container)
```
